docs: add clarifying explanation about reference documentation (#442442)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/README.md

This makes reviews and suggestions much easier, since GitHub's review system is based on lines.
It also helps identifying long sentences at a glance.

### Writing Reference Documentation

[Reference documentation](https://diataxis.fr/reference/) should **only describe** the subject being documented.

> For that, use **descriptive, present-active** style. Avoid giving instructions, using imperative mood or adding opinions.

Author: I just rephrased and added more details.

A docs guide for migration instructions is still missing, but i don't want to add it to this PR right now.

This makes reviews and suggestions much easier, since GitHub's review system is based on lines.
It also helps identifying long sentences at a glance.

> ### Writing Reference Documentation
> 
> [Reference documentation](https://diataxis.fr/reference/) should **only describe** the subject being documented.
> 
> We use **descriptive, present-active** style to describe.
> 
> 👉 Rule of thumb: Always describe what the function does. Only give instructions when the user actually needs to act (e.g. migrations).
> 
> 👉 When drafting, think of a full sentence like: *"subtractValues does ..."*
> 
> But since the function name already appears in the signature or heading, repeating it is redundant. Drop the subject and start directly with the verb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Writing Function Documentation

Function documentation is *reference documentation*, for which
[diataxis Reference documentation](https://diataxis.fr/reference/) (8 minutes) is **mandatory reading**.

On top of the diataxis framework, which provides a balanced perspective on what reference documentation should contain, we apply a specific style rule to function documentation:
the first sentence is in present tense, active voice, and the subject is omitted, referring implicitly to the name of the function.
For example:
```
